Agriculture plays a significant part in India due to their population growth and increased food demands.One of these important effects on low crop yields is diseases caused by bacteria, fungi and viruses. Losses due to insects pests in Indian agriculture have been estimated from time to time. Extensive surveys carried out during early 1960s revealed that fruits, cottons, rice and sugarcane suffered 25,18,10 and 10% yield losses, respectively.However, during the early 2000s,the losses increased considerably due to intensification of agriculture.The highest losses were reported in cotton (50%), followed by sorghum and millets (30%), and rice,maize and oilseeds (each 25%). In general, the losses in post-green revolution era have shown an increasing trend than pre-green revolution era.Overall, the losses increased from 7.2% in early 1960s to 23.3% in early 2000s.The maximum increase in loss occurred in cotton (18.0 to 50.0%), followed by other crops like sorghum and millets (3.5 to 30%), maize (5.0 to 25.0%) and oilseeds (other than groundnut) (5.0 to 25.0%).

Hence, there is a need to enhance the yield of crop.This can be done and handled by means of applying plant disease detection approaches. Machine learning techniques will be employed in the process of disease identification on plants as it mostly applies information themselves and offers fabulous techniques for detection of plant diseases. Methods based on Machine learning can be employed for the identification of diseases because it mainly applies on data superiority outcomes for specified task.

AgroDoc provides a platform for farmers to detect the crop disease timely and efficiently. Also, it gives the personalised instructions and list of chemicals to be used to cure the disease without degrading the soil quality.
Here,one just have to click the picture of the diseases crop leaf and upload on the website and the disease name along with its cure and personalised instructions will be displayed on the screen.In future, we will also be providing the suggestions for the best suitable crops for one's farm based on their soil quality to increase the profitability for farmers.In future, we will also be considering to create AgroDoc as a marketplace where one can even buy the required chemicals as per their crops need so that AgroDoc can become one stop solution to increase the crops' yields. 


Technologies Used for front-end website:
HTML
CSS 
JavaScript

Technologies Used for Machine Learning model:
Tensorflow
Keras
Python

Technologies Used for deployment:
N2D AMD Virtual Machine instance
Google cloud

DEMO VIDEO LINK:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R8qHaojgW8IAOQBBPjlHRhXIKikgFX3F/view?usp=sharing

GITHUB REPOSITORY LINK:

https://github.com/hritik2000-github/AgroDoc

